Deployed link at: https://andrei-zip.github.io/Team-J-App/

RULES: ******
1.Any code you push must have comments.
2.Any changes you make, make sure you don't change any classes or ids, since we might
be working with the same code.
3.Any suggestions of radical code changes go through the discord general chat.


Andrei: CSS and JS-Developer
Roman: JS-Developer, Marketing (Twitter)
--Denys:--
Styliani: Marketing (Facebook)
--Viktor:--

Landing Page Content:
1.Logo
2.Welcome message
3.About Information
4.Names of developers and roles
5.Purpose
6.Start Button leading to the start treasure hunt
7.Login button

List Page Content:
1.Logo
2.Message to chose a treasure hunt
3.Button to load treasure hunts
4.Div to display treasure hunts
5.

Start Page Content:
1.Logo
2.Game container
    - question title
    - question text
    - answer input
    - submit button
    - feedback
    - score
    - timer
3.Button to update location
4.Location status



Meetings:
19DEC24 : Andrei and Roman started working on github. But first, Roman should figure out with his GitHub Account before we can start. (PS: A week later we meet again and we start to create a .html , .css and .js files and create Notes to fill records of our discussions and our effort of project)
13FEB25 : 14:00 - 15:00 : Andrei and Roman had a meeting, for pair programming. Andrei discuss about to begin to develop the TreasureHunt Game and he can help to Roman with JS code. Roman take a JS part for coding and Andrei take a HTML and CSS part for now. We make some ideas to develop our program and decide to working on it since that day. (Result of 19th FEB: Andrei suggest the set of colour for css part, Roman also starting to work with js part, he need also ret the documentation of treasure Hunt API Guide for sure to let know him what functions should make based on guide instructions )
20FEB25: Andrei and Roman discussed the theme and colors of the landing page and the TreasureHunt in general. (We decided that Andrei should create a list.html for which should also contain the games, and Roman should start to work on JS part seriously to take the rest time of fixing some little bugs)
13MAR25 : 13:00- 14:00 : Andrei and Roman had a programming meeting, for pair programming. Roman had been commiting. Roman created a couple js functions and Andrei worked on CSS code
17MAR25 : Andrei , Roman , Denys and Styliani had a meeting and decided that Denys will handle testing and Styliani marketing and implementation of marketing. Also we discussed about some new ideas for Dennys: he'll create a instagram account and probably or Dennys or Styliana will create a video which should contains about our project and people who working on it...
21MAR25: Roman, Andrei and Styliana have a meeting about marketing part of project and CSS part. Roman created a X (Twitter account) which here should contain information about our project (in desc. should be link for github Pages what Andrei did). Also Styliana should create Facebook account which contain also same stuff as in X.
24MAR25: Andrei and Roman discussed with test part of project: Roman will create a another .js file which contains information and also (UAT) Plan where should also contain the checking of API functions and some stuff. Andrei will work on css and also js stuff tonight
25MAR25: Roman meet with Dennys to help with instagram account and also create a video presentaion about our "TreasureHunt" project
25MAR25: